README.md, before:

# Weekly Reports


## Week 11
We're back after Christmas break, I did not accomplish as much as I wished, I kept getting stuck on my Kivy app. One thing that was pointed out was my lack of GitHub uploads, something I intend on working on over the coming weeks. The issue there was the lack of progress made, I saw no sense in uploading when I had not accomplished something. Anyway the next few weeks will be spent on transitioning over to C++, something I've been looking forward too for quite some time.

## Week 12
I'm still working on my Kivy app and still have not begun my tinkering audio. I didn't understand my hesitation in this, I liked to think that I understood the theory of it but in practice I had no idea where to start, Warwick a class mate had agreed to accompany me back to my house to help start the project, it really aided in giving me a push in the right direction. On top of this we had our peer reviews this week, with everyone slowly coming to terms with talking to one and other its getting easier to do these reviews.

## Week 13
It all came down to this week for all four of our projects my tinkering projects are quite complete, but my Kivy app still needs work to be a viable game. My server project is none existent, I will not be repeating the mistakes of that project. My main issue was not asking for help when it was needed and not repeatedly attempting the task at hand. Luckily we not longer have to use Python though a strong scripting language and very versatile in its uses I personally have no interest in continuing with it, although my opinion may change as I learn more.

## Week 14
I have not started worksheet 4 yet, I have found that I wanted to use the second week of the holiday to work on it. Other than that I am not doing anything, this could be unwise as a lack of constant workflow can lead to loss of much needed practice.

## Week 15
I have attempted to begin the Mandelbrot Set and the Hacking terminal. I have come to the conclusion that I should have started it earlier. These two solutions are more complex than I first realised, although the Mandelbrot is coming to me easier than the hacking it my time is still quite stretched. I hadn't finished this worksheet until late the Sunday before I handed it in on the Wednesday. So the usual conclusion for me is to begin earlier and spread my time between projects.

## Week 16
We had the first of out extra programing sessions this week, I found that it was most useful, as we created a small text based adventure game. we've also been introduced to SDL a rather confusing C++ library for 2D games. Although I'm keeping the thought that in time I will understand, as I have a tendency to panic when I don't fully understand something. Looking back it seems I have come quite far though. I have been tasked with designing a game for the COMP150 projects and will present it next week.

## Week 17
We had our game pitches this week, I was thoroughly surprised at my success. Overall my game design came third and I have been placed in a group with Milly, Harriet, and Jodie. I'm feeling confident that with the right changes/refinement to the game design that it could be a relatively good game, however "good" can be defined. It seems the tutors are planning things very carefully as most of the tutoring id now directly related to our projects. I believe this is a good move as it will keep people interested, speaking for myself this is definitely the case. 

## Week 18
I felt confident this week, not much went wrong in the way of myself feeling lost. I have begun my controller design and am pleased with the outcome of the proposal. Although on Friday I was mistaken by submitting my game controller proposal and not my Agile essay to which I completely forgot about. It seemed as though I was not the only one, my saving grace was that I came up with my question fairly easily which was to challenge the self electing methods that agile uses. Mike did not seem bothered by the setback as I did have the controller design, although in the future I will take further note of what's expected and when. 

## Week 19
We were introduced to UML this week, I was completely lost. Although I see the advantages with it I think that more practice is definitely required to bring understanding on how to make such diagrams. My group have come together this week to sort out the user stories, Harriet has been invaluable in this endeavour. She thinks far more logically than myself I feel as though I could learn a great deal from her. In the interest of this I have tried to do my best to communicate with the group as much as I can. I will now be waiting for Harried to build the architecture for the game before I set out to implement the NPC's.

## Week 20
The highlight of this week was working on the game with Harriet, she has created a PCG maze already and has helped me to implement the basic NPC's. I may have underestimated her skill as the system that Harriet has implemented is beyond my current understanding of C++. Through time I hope that I can come to understand this system although this has proved difficult thus far. I just hope that I don't fall behind and let everyone down.

## Week 21
We handed in our controllers this Monday, it went well although I feel as though my technical insight into the build of my controller was overlooked somewhat. Mike has said that they might look into making that a greater aspect of the marking criteria, to more match the creative aspect of the project. I have worked on our COMP150 game some more, I feel that it is going well and am beginning to study AI behaviour trees more closely as this is what I shall be doing for my COMP110 coding task 2. Over the next few weeks I need to put more effort into my essay and find a greater balance in what work I attempt.

## Week 22
I found this week both fascinating and disappointing. The fascinating parts where the lectures and presentation, the lectures consisted of the design patterns which I feel I'm doing better in than the practical aspect of programming. The other was IP law which I had a basic understanding of but the clarification was very useful. The presentation went well I enjoyed giving it and it seemed as though our Agile rep liked it as well, we had a small "debate" about my question for my essay and that was the highlight of my week as I love to challenge people and hear their opinions of subject matters. The disappointing factor of that week came the same day as the agile presentations, I was unable to complete the second sprint for our game, the usual complications had arisen. I could not figure out how to implement movement to the NPC's, I asked for help but didn't get far. The unfortunate side effect of having a group member who's skills are far superior than your own is that when the member in question designs the system it turns out to be far more complicated than I can manage. When speaking to the Agile rep we came to the conclusion that I should take a more digital engagement approach and use group communication more effectively over the internet.

## Week 23
As its the Easter holidays, the only thing I have accomplished this week is reading through all of my research papers. I will commence the rest of my work starting next week.

##Week 24

Commit message:

Updated to week 23
Finished updating Easter and week 23

README.md, after:

# Weekly Reports


## Week 11
We're back after Christmas break, I did not accomplish as much as I wished, I kept getting stuck on my Kivy app. One thing that was pointed out was my lack of GitHub uploads, something I intend on working on over the coming weeks. The issue there was the lack of progress made, I saw no sense in uploading when I had not accomplished something. Anyway the next few weeks will be spent on transitioning over to C++, something I've been looking forward too for quite some time.

## Week 12
I'm still working on my Kivy app and still have not begun my tinkering audio. I didn't understand my hesitation in this, I liked to think that I understood the theory of it but in practice I had no idea where to start, Warwick a class mate had agreed to accompany me back to my house to help start the project, it really aided in giving me a push in the right direction. On top of this we had our peer reviews this week, with everyone slowly coming to terms with talking to one and other its getting easier to do these reviews.

## Week 13
It all came down to this week for all four of our projects my tinkering projects are quite complete, but my Kivy app still needs work to be a viable game. My server project is none existent, I will not be repeating the mistakes of that project. My main issue was not asking for help when it was needed and not repeatedly attempting the task at hand. Luckily we not longer have to use Python though a strong scripting language and very versatile in its uses I personally have no interest in continuing with it, although my opinion may change as I learn more.

## Week 14
I have not started worksheet 4 yet, I have found that I wanted to use the second week of the holiday to work on it. Other than that I am not doing anything, this could be unwise as a lack of constant workflow can lead to loss of much needed practice.

## Week 15
I have attempted to begin the Mandelbrot Set and the Hacking terminal. I have come to the conclusion that I should have started it earlier. These two solutions are more complex than I first realised, although the Mandelbrot is coming to me easier than the hacking it my time is still quite stretched. I hadn't finished this worksheet until late the Sunday before I handed it in on the Wednesday. So the usual conclusion for me is to begin earlier and spread my time between projects.

## Week 16
We had the first of out extra programing sessions this week, I found that it was most useful, as we created a small text based adventure game. we've also been introduced to SDL a rather confusing C++ library for 2D games. Although I'm keeping the thought that in time I will understand, as I have a tendency to panic when I don't fully understand something. Looking back it seems I have come quite far though. I have been tasked with designing a game for the COMP150 projects and will present it next week.

## Week 17
We had our game pitches this week, I was thoroughly surprised at my success. Overall my game design came third and I have been placed in a group with Milly, Harriet, and Jodie. I'm feeling confident that with the right changes/refinement to the game design that it could be a relatively good game, however "good" can be defined. It seems the tutors are planning things very carefully as most of the tutoring id now directly related to our projects. I believe this is a good move as it will keep people interested, speaking for myself this is definitely the case. 

## Week 18
I felt confident this week, not much went wrong in the way of myself feeling lost. I have begun my controller design and am pleased with the outcome of the proposal. Although on Friday I was mistaken by submitting my game controller proposal and not my Agile essay to which I completely forgot about. It seemed as though I was not the only one, my saving grace was that I came up with my question fairly easily which was to challenge the self electing methods that agile uses. Mike did not seem bothered by the setback as I did have the controller design, although in the future I will take further note of what's expected and when. 

## Week 19
We were introduced to UML this week, I was completely lost. Although I see the advantages with it I think that more practice is definitely required to bring understanding on how to make such diagrams. My group have come together this week to sort out the user stories, Harriet has been invaluable in this endeavour. She thinks far more logically than myself I feel as though I could learn a great deal from her. In the interest of this I have tried to do my best to communicate with the group as much as I can. I will now be waiting for Harried to build the architecture for the game before I set out to implement the NPC's.

## Week 20
The highlight of this week was working on the game with Harriet, she has created a PCG maze already and has helped me to implement the basic NPC's. I may have underestimated her skill as the system that Harriet has implemented is beyond my current understanding of C++. Through time I hope that I can come to understand this system although this has proved difficult thus far. I just hope that I don't fall behind and let everyone down.

## Week 21
We handed in our controllers this Monday, it went well although I feel as though my technical insight into the build of my controller was overlooked somewhat. Mike has said that they might look into making that a greater aspect of the marking criteria, to more match the creative aspect of the project. I have worked on our COMP150 game some more, I feel that it is going well and am beginning to study AI behaviour trees more closely as this is what I shall be doing for my COMP110 coding task 2. Over the next few weeks I need to put more effort into my essay and find a greater balance in what work I attempt.

## Week 22
I found this week both fascinating and disappointing. The fascinating parts where the lectures and presentation, the lectures consisted of the design patterns which I feel I'm doing better in than the practical aspect of programming. The other was IP law which I had a basic understanding of but the clarification was very useful. The presentation went well I enjoyed giving it and it seemed as though our Agile rep liked it as well, we had a small "debate" about my question for my essay and that was the highlight of my week as I love to challenge people and hear their opinions of subject matters. The disappointing factor of that week came the same day as the agile presentations, I was unable to complete the second sprint for our game, the usual complications had arisen. I could not figure out how to implement movement to the NPC's, I asked for help but didn't get far. The unfortunate side effect of having a group member who's skills are far superior than your own is that when the member in question designs the system it turns out to be far more complicated than I can manage. When speaking to the Agile rep we came to the conclusion that I should take a more digital engagement approach and use group communication more effectively over the internet.

## Easter
As its the Easter holidays, the only thing I have accomplished this week is reading through all of my research papers. I will commence the rest of my work starting next week.

Unfortunately due to personal demons I did not manage to get a notable amount of work done over Easter.

##Week 23
Being back in university has helped immensely, I have put myself back on track with my work and have made a leap in my API project. The group project has so far as I know been put back into motion as well, I have finally managed to make the NPC's move seems like a silly mistake now that I think of it but I was too distracted to see it during the Easter holidays. I believe the next steps for me will be to keep a positive attitude and do my best with the current projects I have going at the moment, more than that I can not do.

##Week 24

##Week 25

##Week 26

##Week 27 

##Week 28
